tab Hydrocodone
Hydrocodone, along with homatropine, is used to relieve cough. Hydrocodone is a narcotic antitussive or a cough suppressant, acting directly on the brain’s cough center for relief.
Metformin
It is a prescribed medicine used to treat type 2 diabetes and even prevent it if someone is at a high risk of developing the disease by lowering blood sugar levels.
Losartan
It is used to treat high blood pressure by blocking a substance in the body that causes the blood vessels to tighten. This is taken in tablet form, according to the doctor’s prescription.
Antibiotics
These are prescribed medicines that fight off bacterial infections. First discovered in 1928 by Alexander Fleming, this drug kills bacteria and eradicates them from the body. Viral infections like colds, runny noses, most sore throats, flu, and bronchitis cannot be treated with antibiotics.
Albuterol
This medicine prevents and treats breathing difficulties, wheezing, coughing, and other related conditions caused by lung diseases like asthma. It relaxes the air passages and opens them up to make breathing easier. Albuterol is usually taken orally using a special jet nebulizer or an inhaler.
Antihistamines
These are commonly used to treat allergies and symptoms such as sneezing and rashes. Allergies happen when the body reacts to a “foreign substance” and activates its defense mechanism, including histamine The drugs are also used to treat various conditions such as colds, stomach problems, and anxiety.
Gabapentin
It is an antiepileptic/anticonvulsant drug used with other medications to prevent and control seizures. It is taken orally with or without food. Doctors would usually prescribe the patient to take it regularly to maximize its benefits. Patients are also advised to stop taking gabapentin only with a doctor’s approval.
Omeprazole
This medication is usually prescribed to someone experiencing gastroesophageal reflux disease and erosive esophagitis. GERD is a condition where too much acid is in the stomach, causing symptoms such as belching or burping, heartburn, indigestion, and even flatulence. It is omeprazole’s job to reduce the acidity in the stomach and help heal the esophagus and stomach from acid damage.
Levothyroxine
It is used to treat an underactive thyroid gland condition called hypothyroidism. Thyroid hormones are essential to the body’s every cell and organ because they regulate the rate at which calories are burned, affecting both weight loss and weight gain.
Atorvastatin
This is prescribed to reduce the risk of a heart attack. This drug is also used to decrease the chances of undergoing heart surgery. Moreover, atorvastatin is used to lower the levels of fatty substances like low-density lipoprotein or bad cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood with the goal of increasing the good cholesterol or high-density lipoprotein.
Flagyl
Flagyl is an antibiotic that is used to treat bacterial infections of the vagina, stomach, liver, skin, joints, brain and spinal cord, lungs, heart, or bloodstream.Flagyl is also used to treat trichomoniasis, a sexually transmitted disease caused by a parasite. Usually both sexual partners are treated at the same time, even if one has no symptoms.
paracetamol
Paracetamol Panadol, Calpol, Alvedon is an analgesic and antipyretic drug that is used to temporarily relieve mild-to-moderate pain and fever. It is commonly included as an ingredient in cold and flu medications and is also used on its own.
Vitamin B Complex
This medication is a multivitamin product used to treat or prevent vitamin deficiency due to poor diet, certain illnesses, or during pregnancy. Vitamins are important building blocks of the body and help keep you in good health.
hydrocodone
For severe pain and also an antitussive cough suppressant for adults
metformin
Used for diabetes and also used to treat polycystic ovarian syndrome
losartan
For high blood pressure and to decrease the rish of stroke in patients with high blood pressure or enlargement of the heart
antibiotics
Treats most illnesses caused by bacterial infections
Albuterol
Used to treat asthma attacks and it helps relax the muscles in the airways for easier breathing
Antihistamines
Used to treat Symptoms of most allergies
gabapentin
Used to prevent and control seizures or relieve nerve pain following shingles caused by viral infections in adults
Omeprazole
Reduces the amount of acid in the stomach, often used to treat indigestion jeartburn, and acid refux
panadol
Panadol can be used for relieving fever and/or for the treatment of mild to moderate pain including headache, migraine, muscle ache, dysmenorrhea, sore throat.